Documentation updates for DataPrepper 2.8 (#7135)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/key-value.md

| overwrite_if_destination_exists | Specifies whether to overwrite existing fields if there are key conflicts when writing parsed fields to the event. Default is `true`. | If `overwrite_if_destination_exists` is `true` and destination is `null`, `{"key1": "old_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}` will parse into `{"key1": "new_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}`. |
| tags_on_failure | When a `kv` operation causes a runtime exception within the processor, the operation is safely stopped without crashing the processor, and the event is tagged with the provided tags. | If `tags_on_failure` is set to `["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]`, `{"tags": ["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]}` will be added to the event's metadata in the event of a runtime exception. |

> | value_grouping | Specifies whether to group values using predefined value grouping delimiters - `{...}`, `[...]', `<...>`, `(...)`, `"..."`, `'...'`, `http://... (space)` and `https:// (space)`. If this flag is enabled, then content of value between the delimiters is considered as one entity and is not parsed for key values. Default is false.| If `value_grouping` is `true`, `{"key1=[a=b,c=d]&key2=value2"}` will parse into `{"key1": "[a=b,c=d]", "key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value_grouping | Specifies whether to group values using predefined value grouping delimiters - `{...}`, `[...]', `<...>`, `(...)`, `"..."`, `'...'`, `http://... (space)`, and `https:// (space)`. If this flag is enabled, then the content between the delimiters is considered as one entity and is not parsed for key-value pairs. Default is `false`. If `value_grouping` is `true`, then `{"key1=[a=b,c=d]&key2=value2"}` parses to `{"key1": "[a=b,c=d]", "key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | value_grouping | Specifies whether to group values using predefined value grouping delimiters - `{...}`, `[...]', `<...>`, `(...)`, `"..."`, `'...'`, `http://... (space)`, and `https:// (space)`. If this flag is enabled, then the content between the delimiters is considered as one entity and is not parsed for key-value pairs. Default is `false`. If `value_grouping` is `true`, then `{"key1=[a=b,c=d]&key2=value2"}` parses to `{"key1": "[a=b,c=d]", "key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| value_grouping | Specifies whether to group values using predefined value grouping delimiters: `{...}`, `[...]', `<...>`, `(...)`, `"..."`, `'...'`, `http://... (space)`, and `https:// (space)`. If this flag is enabled, then the content between the delimiters is considered to be one entity and is not parsed for key-value pairs. Default is `false`. If `value_grouping` is `true`, then `{"key1=[a=b,c=d]&key2=value2"}` parses to `{"key1": "[a=b,c=d]", "key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | drop_keys_with_no_value | Specified if key should be dropped if it has null as its value. Default is false. | If `drop_keys_with_no_value` is `true, `{"key1=value1&key2"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| drop_keys_with_no_value | Specifies whether keys should be dropped if they have a null value. Default is `false`. If `drop_keys_with_no_value` is set to `true, then `{"key1=value1&key2"}` parses to `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | drop_keys_with_no_value | Specifies whether keys should be dropped if they have a null value. Default is `false`. If `drop_keys_with_no_value` is set to `true, then `{"key1=value1&key2"}` parses to `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| drop_keys_with_no_value | Specifies whether keys should be dropped if they have a null value. Default is `false`. If `drop_keys_with_no_value` is set to `true`, then `{"key1=value1&key2"}` parses to `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

## Metrics

> Content will be added to this section. --->

Reviewer: Is this placeholder to update text before merging this PR?

Author: This is from existing text. I am not planning to change this.
